>> Bianca Gandolfo: Welcome to a practical
introduction to data structures for
interviews.
This is a part two of a four part series.
We started off with part one,
talking about practical algorithms.
Part two, we're gonna get started with
some introductory data structures,
stacks, queues, hash tables,
link list, things like that.
Part three, we're gonna talk about trees.
And part four,
we're gonna go into graphs and
we're gonna tie those in with part
one with all of our algorithms.
Great.
And so who am I?
My name is a Bianca, I'm a JavaScript
developer and consultant and
I'm an also an educator.
When I'm not doing coding,
you can find me outside.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I feel like it's
a dating profile or something.
So we're gonna start by
talking a little bit about
the interview process and what you
can expect, and then how this course,
and the other three parts of
this course line up with that.